NT, you killed this shit

Vibin', I'm ridin' the beat (I'm ridin' the beat, yeah)
My verse go so hard, they put it on repeat (They put it on repeat)
They think I'm part of the elite (Ooh)
Put you to shame, you might want to delete (Ooh, ooh!)
Writin' so good, think I cheat (Think that I'm cheatin')
Ain't no deceit, keep it discrete, yeah
Point to where you will be seated
Think you depleted, must be defeated, ayy
I don't care how you fare, don't compare, hit a snare
In the air, take the stairs, think I am your nightmare
Wake up in your nightwear, see me there, gasp for air
Anywhere, everywhere, billionaire, got a spare (*gasp*)
Hit 'em with the venom, let 'em move, and then I end 'em (I'ma end 'em)
Turnin' blue, like you denim, I don't think you met him (I don't think so)
(Hey, you can call me Launch) Now that you've been let in (Yeah)
Just sit back, relax, and listen to the bars that I've been spittin' (Ayy!)

Big Cook, Little Cook, conjure up flames
6'3", I'm a giant with no chains (Yeah)
Watch how effortless I make it all seem
Kids presenter, bro, they call you Daddy Keem
Flowin' like the water, you silly man, uh (Yeah, yeah)
Heard that rhyme, man, you really, man? Uh (Yeah, yeah)
Random generate, bro, you gotta elevate
Your flow ain't water, dude, it's really not to celebrate (Yeah, yeah, yeah!)
Basement to the ground man, 50p to pound man (Uh, yeah)
J. Cole to JID in terms of skill on Down Bad (Uh, yeah)
Waste of a capital, you ain't a proper noun man
Spell check your name, dude, where is your renown, man?
Uh! Shoutout Marco
They love Polo boy (Polo boy)
But your fans
Really won't get employed, uh (Get employed!)
Bruh, is that your shirt?
I really hope that's soy, uh (Soy, soy!)
You really worried
'Bout the wrong Polo, boy! (Yeah, boy, uh!)
Uh, yeah!
You might also like

Apathy
There's no reason to be mad at me
That's just how it has to be
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
NT!

I'm at the top and they hate that I'm there
I hate my ignorance, yeah, it's not fair
I swear that I don’t care
Just stop, don't sit and stare (Okay)
Get up out of your chair (Ooh!)
Louis V, that's what I wear (Yeah!)
Just kiddin', I'm broke, bro (Brrr!)
Fuck this flow
Squadeca Cypher, yeah, here I am (Uh)
I have one song, but I'm still the man (Yeah)
From me to you, I got a better plan (Ooh!)
Tour of the States to please your stans (Okay)
"Hold up, I'm beamin'"? Never again (Ooh)
I hate that song, I'm sorry, Ben (Yeah)
Let us just ignore what I just said
My verse is done, but this is not the end, yeah
I kill these beats, you could call me a ghost writer
Not one to seek, simply turn you to ghost hider
Ventin' out on a fuckin' track
I'ma have to take it back
I'm havin' daydreams
Of when people thought I was wack
I'm wonderful and y'all out of order
Y'all tryna steal my piece of the cake
Y'all been fallin' like Autumn
The leaves on the floor dried out, so we gotta rake
Quad is a G.O.A.T., he did that in one day
I'm really tryna get this high cut pay
Mosquitoes, we clear 'em with Raid
Blockin' your music like a barricade, uh
Like a barricade
Like a barricade, yeah
Goin' to Michaels with this flow
'Cause this shit is a mo'fuckin' craft
Y'all cheesy as fuck, like you were Kraft
Got the advantage, I ain't gotta graft
I'm your idol, I'm a beau
Song of the king, like I'm from Stockholm
Left on read, like Hot Cheetos
Did I mention that Quad is the G.O.A.T.?
Go-Got on top! (NT!)
Quad, when's F.M.T.Y. gonna drop?
Ignorant Quad cannot stop
Quadnos 'bout to end us all
This-This is not a goddamn meme
I think it is time to scream
Sike, I'm joking, don't end me

It's so sad
How many people sign with Satan in a losing battle
Just so that they can get temporary fame, or what it seems like on the outside
"No deal!", like-

No deal, get the papers, I'm signing it with a pen
Rap makes me feel like I'm Heaven, I'm never gon' live again
I'm never gon' sell my soul to you, you're makin' my life a myth
I'ma pursue my dreams, I'm not readin' from your script
I don't even need your rules, I'ma split 'em into two
So much fire in the booth, I'm not givin' this to you, I'm so done with all you fools
You were never even cool, spittin' water like a pool, take your offer, what a fool
At the bottom, get a stool, you think everything is cool
We only live for a temporary time, fillin' my life with a lie
Thinkin' I'm sick when I really couldn't write, I think my life's on the line
Bein' genuine, legitimate and it didn't get me anywhere, so why would make a deal with you?
I'm feelin' crude and really rude from the offer you gave me, that's "No deal" to you
I'm speakin' from my heart, you speakin' from the charts
You only care about numbers, not anyone else, so why would I listen to you from the start?
Why would I listen to you from the start?
I need a light, my mind is dark, I hit my competition like a dart, uh

Ayo
Last month, the dollars I made was like cinco
This label called, said they'd put me in front of hundreds of people
But they only like the way I flaunt my ego, no quesillo
So I told 'em, "No deal", like that Quadeca single
In the face of adversity, my mama said to be bold
And I don't need demonic spirits to go and follow my dreams, so
I'm on, and yet to be sold, givin' my praise to Dios
I can go and take some unimposed shots, like a free throw
I'll give you some pointers, to your success, they're imperative
So you can leave your mark, not like how Facebook's chairman is
The drip they carryin' only sort of fits when they wearin' it
And I don't believe in their agency (Nope!)... American's
We always keep it a buck or a hundred so it make more sense
Call on the Spirit when you're in a pinch, medical forceps
We ain't mess with thirty-three, like laws of federal protests
CER10's and Shaun's part on the cypher's what you should go get!
Reverse climate change with this ice on my neck
Wearin' fake Nike, call that faking checks
Billboard 100 tells me I'm up next
Foot fetish on me, 'cause they jackin' my steps
Yeah, they jackin' my steps while I'm jackin' their ex
They trackin' my moves, I can't even take shits
Not a kid anymore, I'm still up to my tricks
Not a kid anymore, I'm still throwin' on fits
Not talkin' 'bout cryin', don't need to explain
I might make it drizzle, I can't make it rain
If the money ain't blue, then it's not leavin' stains
Call me the conductor, my boys just ran trains
I'm workin' my free throws, I'm workin' my aim
They keep fuckin' with me, but I won't name no names
They keep tryna play tag, but I ain't playin' games
She call me her papi, she missing champagne

(No—) No deal, no deal
Why can't I  live my life how I feel? (—Deal)
(No—) No deal, no deal
I don't think that'll ever get out of this deal (—Deal)
(No—) No deal, no deal
(Deal!—) I don't ever want to live my life with a will
‘Cause if they take me down
I'll be sayin', "No deal", "No deal"

All of these rappers be drippin' in designer brands like Dior
While right now, I stay grinding lowkey behind my keyboard
I'm workin' out west with only the homies, it's Jack and the boys
While these rappers be overflowin' with racks in the Royce
Well, I'm tryna be able to afford a Royce, but I'm over 5'9"
So I stay with the stuff I can get for free, like peanuts at Five Guys
Okay, I drop, and drop, and drop, and drop, but I am still not famous
But I ain't stressin' 'cause I'ma keep workin’, soon, I ain't gon' be nameless no mo'
No one at school believe in me, but I know that don't matter
I knew when I started they wouldn't see me as a rapper
But I know that I'm good at what I do on the mic
If anybody want the smoke, I tell 'em, "Take a hike"
Quad do it four times, SQUAD, it is your time
Keep workin' on your craft even if it gets no likes
They say I look too slim but, bro, you be lookin' too shady
Cool, calm, collected, but on the mic, I get too crazy

These days, not really feelin' like I need breaks
Already got the support, don't need a knee brace
Megastars fallin' each day, guess they hit the breaks
And in the cycle, I wonder if we can e-scape
I'm the realest in the game, and I see fame
I gotta keep on grindin', buy myself an e-state
This market's super saturated, please give me space
Got the game on lock, don't bother with a keychain
Not gonna kick off my music career at thirty-five
Plenty of years to go, grow my brand if you give me time
Run up the table, 'cause everything been on my side
You know I'm destroying obstacles one at a time
Just checked your channel again and it's barely alive
I'm really hoping my YouTube channel amounts to money
You know I'll be up in four years time like a Quad song
Instead, it's Squadeca Cypher 2020

NT!
So many fuckin' clowns, this a circus
Freak show, put 'em in a hearse with this verse, bitch
Class clown, Joker in some poker shit
I'm a fuckin' toker, but not Token with my coldest spit, I'm over this
Ha! Yeah, told 'em I got sanity
That's why I'm lettin' all this out before I get to plannin', see
I'm the man with the plan to be sellin' weed to my family
Family is my neighborhood, neighborhood spreads like cancer, G
If they ask, I give answers with Polaroids of their nan deceased
Anakin turned to Vader, then later turns panoramically
Paranoid paraplegics turn paranormal by hands of me
If the buyer's not satisfied, money back isn't guaranteed
Ha! But that's the fuckin' way it goes
Punch a fucker in the face, and hope the red will paint his nose
Make his fuckin' circus ass wish he was a just vacant soul
So I could get a patent for carnivals with some naked hoes
It ain't disclosed, write it on my pancreas
"J. Embi's insane and he is nothing but a crazy bitch!"
Hey, that's pretty harsh for some normal bitches to say to kid
Maybe that's why your god makes you fuckers turn-turn to atheists
Satan was created to make you stay in a place of bliss
So you don't get all crazy and think it's funny to make a sin
If you wanna burn, then I'd suggest that you should play The Sims
Make a Sim, take the oven, make it glitch
While you're fuckin' burning, you'll still never never spit as flames as this
Down some fuckin' Jameson, maybe then you can play this shit
And comprehend the level of heat that this fuckin' crazy kid spits!
(NT!) Bitch!


NT!

Usually, I ain't like this, rewritin' all my lines, like I'm goin' through crisis
Upgraded and now I'm sounding quite crisp
Poppin' off and then I'm going ghost, like a white wisp
(That's a bruh moment, ayy, yeah!)
Take it from me, I'm spreadin' like a disease
I don't got no bitches, still got people to please
All these rappers easy, I could eat 'em for lunch
Just get my mic and then my bib, and then I'm ready to munch
They like to hear my sound and now, I'm rappin' a bunch
I've heard I'm doin' more damage, like I'm packin' a punch
They see me in their frame, but I got my own goals
Own haters, own trolls, own friends, own foes
They runnin' after me, I stay ahead with a stroll
Difference between us is that I got dough to roll
You are just out here with like zero control
Every flow nowadays been done before, so I'm thinkin' out the box or I'm out the door
Spit a hundred words and spit a couple more, competing with you is what I really came for
I'll drive you to your grave, like a fuckin' chauffeur
And then I flip the whole script, like I might blow her
Bitches don't say "No" to me, they tell me, "No, sir"
Even though I like 'em older fuckin' cougars, no fur

Yeah

Think I can't go harder after Spider Jock?
I don't fall down, I rock hard, like Slipknot
Put that shit in neutral, 'cause I'm takin' shots
My bars more convoluted than the F.N.A.F. plot
Left at the door like that cloak
Bitches stoned, bank like all night
Make them happy, scream, "Oh bo"
Didn't even want it, yet, I still got the invite
Get a taste of the hand that I'll raise
Pull a Samuel L Jackson, freeze these fuckers in place
The way I lay the plays, I'll set this path ablaze
Like I'm the patron saint, and, yeah, we ain't done
So when you hear that choir addendum
You'll see me smash you, like a character from Fire Emblem
Y'all wack! I beat you while you still elevatin', you JAY-Z
Princesses be delicate, followin' other rappers like you mindless, call that shit Day-Z
Obsessed with 2D bitches like I'm Tokyo, I still get dough and blows, I guess I'm crazy
I own a plaque, a MAC, Tarmac, a track, and like Three Houses, yeah, I'm rockin' a Mercedes
On this cypher, yeah, I'm feelin' it, one for the stash
I would've gone a little harder, but I didn't want the backslash
Gotta dash, sorry if you wanted more, guess that's that
I leave you on one final note: Hatsune Miku for Smash


He has a gun, he has a gun
He has a gun, he has a gun (One for the school and one for Glex)
He has a gun, he has a- gun
He has a gun, he has a gun! (Hahaha!)

Hey y'all, S.E.G.A. here!
Before I start, let me be clear:
While I respect you all day-to-day
These verses flop harder than Birds of Prey
Let me show you what a real one can do
I've been cooking this up, fourteen years in the stu'
If you want a feature, please get in queue
Or I'll call up decagun and hit you with the .22
How can I get through to you
That your new song isn't fresh or new?
Please get out of my DMs, man, take a clue
Before I capsize your virtual canoe
I fly JetBlue, man, you fly Frontier
So my numbers ain't the only thing in the stratosphere
You've never been off your landing gear
So if you wish to defeat me, train for another thousand years
Don't step to this, I'll put you in your place
This petty beef is just another rat race
Your whole discography is a disgrace
It's hard listening to your tracks with a straight face
Let's be real, you're the GAWNE to my Eminem
It's been weeks, still haven't sent caelix your stem
I might surprise drop you like I'm Music To Be Murdered By
These bars so pure, you know they're FDA-Certified
Try to come after me
I'd think you have a couple screws loose
I'll leave a crime scene at your residence
'Cause I've always been the golden goose
This concludes my contribution to this cypher
I lit this whole thing up with no lighter
Hope you all enjoyed the last minute, thirty
All I ask is that you vote for Bernie

Why in the fuck did I do this?
Getting more green than a nudist
Retirement lasted a couple of days
Guessing the Glex beef was too shit
That was a joke, don't you twist up those panties
Got killed this December, but somehow I managed
I love my friends and I love Mario Party
But somehow, at both, I am average
Strike you like I'm Derek Savage, fuck
Every day is dated reference day
When you live under rocks in the garage
That shit was awful, don't stop, Le Piano
Swing and a miss, but I'm swingin' some arrows
—Next time, just, let-
Tell me when Fangkii's there
Or whatever- whatever his name is— (Yeah)
My pet rat is currently nun' but a corpse
Donate to his GoFundMe, or you're a whore
Donate to the fund so I'll go to the store
And pick up a new rat, and not rap no more
Guess there's nothing more to say than
"Bye bye, I win"
If you need me
You can find me on the Luke Dead Island

Bi-! Haha!
Fucking...!
Ha...

Techversity up in this bitch
I know you thought that you'd never see me again
Like Glex and Famkii, I might go fuck on your bitch
I'm countin' up heads while getting head from a girl that got lisp

Ahem... it's Glex!
NT!

If my life is a movie, then it better be a fucking classic
Killin' another track, we're starting to run out of caskets
I'm writing all my bars 'cause I'm not on some fuckin' hack shit
You try to stop me, but I'm hard to kill, like some bad habits
You think that you're the shit, but you’ve been lyin' to the game
The only thing you're doin' is puttin' shame to your name
You've been tryna con her, but dude, her name isn't Sarah
We've been killin' tracks together, and they call us the chimera
I've been goin' ignorant, I need a reality check
I've been writin' too many bars about the snap of your neck
New year, same me, I'm just slowin' down with the memes
I gotta break the loop, 'cause I've been burstin' at the seams
I've been buildin' up my name, each track better than the last
Yet, "When's the third cypher?" is all that I'm ever asked
Started up some memes, but they're gettin' stale fast
I think it's time I switch things up, character needs a recast
I know my chances are slim, but to this life I am sworn
Go ahead and hate me, I'll be the object of your scorn
This the end of an era, it's time for me to be reborn
It's better off this way, so for my soul, you best not mourn
Can't let my past hold me back, I need to just move on
Free myself from these shackles, stop bein' so damn withdrawn
Reconnect with those who, from me, deserve another chance
But leave the others behind without so much as a second glance
I don't got a job, but I'm still keepin' myself busy
Been spinnin' in the loop so much, I'm startin' to get dizzy
Need to finish this album so I can finally grow past it
Famkii says I owe it to myself, but I still want to trash it
My tastes are so far above my skill, I hate all my art
Makes me want to delete it all and have a fresh start
But instead, I'll keep developing the skills that I have
Hopin' that one day I can be half as good as Bill and Rav
As for Quad, I know that Midnight's truly lost forever
But I don't care, honestly, at this point, it's whatever
The only Ben I'm missin' is the one I call my brother
And I ain't talkin' MULTI, Yoda sayin'- ("There is another")
It's been rough out here, recently, I'm dealin' with atonement
All because I happened to have a small dome moment
Glexkii flopped, and that's okay, 'cause the story ain't over
Maybe we'll release a sequel the month right after October
This the finale of it all, the ending you've been waitin' for
Newcomers and the veterans teamed up to end SQUADECA! lore
We called everyone we could to create this one last cypher
Shoutout Logpog since he couldn't make it, his songs are utter fire (Okay)
Launch is spittin' flames, and Sol is wakin' up from his dreams
Ni$h!th just doesn’t care, and Truse doesn't like to beam
CER10 and Shaun worked together to create some fire art
​kenE dropped bars like a madman, and Jack went straight for the heart
Oreo rappin' optimistic, and J. Embi sayin', "Hold up!"
Quickjoshy used his invite well, and Polar never let up
S.E.G.A.'s a memelord, and the Chief came through with one last show
This is Glexnos signin' out, "Adiós", from the bozo

(Oh, shit) Uh
That was sixteen minutes of bars!